then Moses answered and said but suppose
then Moses answered and said but suppose they will not believe me or listen to my
they will not believe me or listen to my
they will not believe me or listen to my voice suppose they say the Lord has not
voice suppose they say the Lord has not
voice suppose they say the Lord has not appeared to you what is that in your
appeared to you what is that in your
appeared to you what is that in your hand a rod
hand a rod
hand a rod coasted on the ground so he cast it on
coasted on the ground so he cast it on
coasted on the ground so he cast it on the ground and it became a set and Moses
the ground and it became a set and Moses
the ground and it became a set and Moses fled from it and the Lord said to Moses
fled from it and the Lord said to Moses
fled from it and the Lord said to Moses reach out your hand and take it by the
reach out your hand and take it by the
reach out your hand and take it by the tail
tail
tail so Moses reached out his hand and caught
so Moses reached out his hand and caught
so Moses reached out his hand and caught it and it became a rod in his hand
thus they may believe that the Lord God
thus they may believe that the Lord God of their fathers the God of Abraham and
of their fathers the God of Abraham and
of their fathers the God of Abraham and the god of Isaac and the God of Jacob
the god of Isaac and the God of Jacob
the god of Isaac and the God of Jacob has appeared to you now put your hand in
has appeared to you now put your hand in
has appeared to you now put your hand in your bosom that Moses put his hand in
your bosom that Moses put his hand in
your bosom that Moses put his hand in his bosom when he took it out behold his
his bosom when he took it out behold his
his bosom when he took it out behold his hand was leprous like snow
put your hand in your bosom again so he
put your hand in your bosom again so he put his hand in his bosom again and drew
put his hand in his bosom again and drew
put his hand in his bosom again and drew it out of his bosom and hope it was
it out of his bosom and hope it was
it out of his bosom and hope it was restored like his other flesh then it
restored like his other flesh then it
restored like his other flesh then it will be if they do not believe you know
will be if they do not believe you know
will be if they do not believe you know heed the message of the first son that
heed the message of the first son that
heed the message of the first son that they may believe the message of the
they may believe the message of the
they may believe the message of the latter side and it shall be if they do
latter side and it shall be if they do
latter side and it shall be if they do not believe even these two sons or
not believe even these two sons or
not believe even these two sons or listen to your voice that you shall take
listen to your voice that you shall take
listen to your voice that you shall take water from the river and pour it on the
water from the river and pour it on the
water from the river and pour it on the dry land the water which you take from
dry land the water which you take from
dry land the water which you take from the river will become blood on the dry
the river will become blood on the dry
the river will become blood on the dry land
neither before nor since you have spoken
neither before nor since you have spoken to your servant but I am slow of speech
to your servant but I am slow of speech
to your servant but I am slow of speech and and and who has made man's mouth or
and and and who has made man's mouth or
and and and who has made man's mouth or who makes the mute the death the seeing
who makes the mute the death the seeing
who makes the mute the death the seeing or the blind have not I the Lord
or the blind have not I the Lord
or the blind have not I the Lord now therefore go and I will be with your
now therefore go and I will be with your
now therefore go and I will be with your mouth and teach you what you shall say
mouth and teach you what you shall say
mouth and teach you what you shall say oh but law please send by the hand of
oh but law please send by the hand of
oh but law please send by the hand of whomever else you may send so the anger
whomever else you may send so the anger
whomever else you may send so the anger of the Lord was kindled against Moses
of the Lord was kindled against Moses
of the Lord was kindled against Moses is not Aaron the Levite your brother I
is not Aaron the Levite your brother I
is not Aaron the Levite your brother I know he can speak well and look he is
know he can speak well and look he is
know he can speak well and look he is also coming out to meet you
also coming out to meet you
also coming out to meet you when he sees you he will be glad in his
when he sees you he will be glad in his
when he sees you he will be glad in his heart now you shall speak to him and put
heart now you shall speak to him and put
heart now you shall speak to him and put the words in his mouth and I will be
the words in his mouth and I will be
the words in his mouth and I will be with your mouth and with his mouth and I
with your mouth and with his mouth and I
with your mouth and with his mouth and I will teach you what you shall do so he
will teach you what you shall do so he
will teach you what you shall do so he shall be your spokesman to the people
shall be your spokesman to the people
shall be your spokesman to the people and he himself shall be as a mouth for
and he himself shall be as a mouth for
and he himself shall be as a mouth for you and you shall be to him as God and
you and you shall be to him as God and
you and you shall be to him as God and you shall take this rod in your hand
you shall take this rod in your hand
you shall take this rod in your hand with which you shall do the silence
so Moses went and returned to Jeff throw
so Moses went and returned to Jeff throw his father-in-law and said to him please
his father-in-law and said to him please
his father-in-law and said to him please let me go and return to my brethren who
let me go and return to my brethren who
let me go and return to my brethren who are in Egypt and see whether they are
are in Egypt and see whether they are
are in Egypt and see whether they are still alive
still alive
still alive go in peace
go in peace
go in peace [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now the Lord said to Moses in Midian go
now the Lord said to Moses in Midian go
now the Lord said to Moses in Midian go return to Egypt for all the men who
return to Egypt for all the men who
return to Egypt for all the men who sought your life are dead then Moses
sought your life are dead then Moses
sought your life are dead then Moses took his wife and his sons and set them
took his wife and his sons and set them
took his wife and his sons and set them on a donkey and he returned to the land
on a donkey and he returned to the land
on a donkey and he returned to the land of Egypt and Moses took the rod of God
of Egypt and Moses took the rod of God
of Egypt and Moses took the rod of God in his hand and the Lord said to Moses
in his hand and the Lord said to Moses
in his hand and the Lord said to Moses when you go back to Egypt see that you
when you go back to Egypt see that you
when you go back to Egypt see that you do all those wonders before Pharaoh
do all those wonders before Pharaoh
do all those wonders before Pharaoh which I have put in your hand but I will
which I have put in your hand but I will
which I have put in your hand but I will harden his heart so that he will not let
harden his heart so that he will not let
harden his heart so that he will not let the people go then you shall say to
the people go then you shall say to
the people go then you shall say to Pharaoh thus says the Lord Israel is my
Pharaoh thus says the Lord Israel is my
Pharaoh thus says the Lord Israel is my son my firstborn
son my firstborn
son my firstborn so I say to you let my son go that he
so I say to you let my son go that he
so I say to you let my son go that he may serve me but if you refuse to let
may serve me but if you refuse to let
may serve me but if you refuse to let him go
him go
him go indeed I will kill your son your
indeed I will kill your son your
indeed I will kill your son your firstborn and it came to pass on the way
firstborn and it came to pass on the way
firstborn and it came to pass on the way at the encampment that the Lord met him
at the encampment that the Lord met him
at the encampment that the Lord met him and sought to kill him then Zipporah
and sought to kill him then Zipporah
and sought to kill him then Zipporah took a sharp stone and cut off the
took a sharp stone and cut off the
took a sharp stone and cut off the foreskin of her son and cast it at Moses
foreskin of her son and cast it at Moses
foreskin of her son and cast it at Moses surely you are a husband of blood to me
surely you are a husband of blood to me
surely you are a husband of blood to me so he let him go you're a husband of
so he let him go you're a husband of
so he let him go you're a husband of blood because of the circumcision
blood because of the circumcision
blood because of the circumcision and the Lord said to Aaron go into the
and the Lord said to Aaron go into the
and the Lord said to Aaron go into the wilderness to meet Moses so he went and
wilderness to meet Moses so he went and
wilderness to meet Moses so he went and met him on the mountain of God and
met him on the mountain of God and
met him on the mountain of God and kissed him so Moses told Aaron all the
kissed him so Moses told Aaron all the
kissed him so Moses told Aaron all the words of the Lord who had sent him and
words of the Lord who had sent him and
words of the Lord who had sent him and all the signs which he had commanded him
all the signs which he had commanded him
all the signs which he had commanded him then Moses and Aaron went and gathered
then Moses and Aaron went and gathered
then Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children
together all the elders of the children
together all the elders of the children of Israel and Aaron's spoke all the
of Israel and Aaron's spoke all the
of Israel and Aaron's spoke all the words which the Lord had spoken to Moses
words which the Lord had spoken to Moses
words which the Lord had spoken to Moses and he did the signs in the sight of the
and he did the signs in the sight of the
and he did the signs in the sight of the people so the people believed and when
people so the people believed and when
people so the people believed and when they heard that the Lord had visited the
they heard that the Lord had visited the
they heard that the Lord had visited the children of Israel and that he had
children of Israel and that he had
children of Israel and that he had looked on their reflection then they
looked on their reflection then they
looked on their reflection then they bowed their heads and worshiped